 Hello all, my name is Krush Nayak and welcome to my YouTube channel. So guys, last week I had announced that I will soon start the series with respect to Generative AI, considering LangChain in mind, where I will focus on creating a lot of end-to-end projects. So yes, here is a quick announcement. In this video, I'm going to talk about what all things I'm going to probably teach you in LangChain and how I'm going to teach you. What are the prerequisites that you should definitely know before you go ahead, right? All these things, all these important points will be covered up. And mostly that is from tomorrow, the end-to-end projects with respect to Langchain will be put up in my YouTube channel, right? So these are all the announcements over here from my side. I hope you all are quite excited because from the posts that I'd actually given from in my YouTube channel, more than thousand people had actually put up comments they told that yes we definitely want this end-to-end project so from past two weeks i was preparing for this even though i have uploaded some videos with respect to langtian but now the kind of videos that i'm going to probably upload you know it will be much more towards practical oriented implementation in the real world industry what does this basically mean nowadays uh i've probably asked for some of the students who have recently cleared the transition into specific companies and they are currently working in LLM models with the help of LangChain. And they had also requested to probably create this series. Now, how we are going to learn? This is the most important point that I'm going to cover up. Understand one thing, guys. This LangChain series will be much more towards practical oriented. Theoretical part, everything I have probably uploaded in my channel, what are prerequisites you specifically require, machine learning deep learning right all those things is probably uploaded in my YouTube channel with theoretical explanation along with practical employment practical implementation and I've also implemented so many different end-to-end projects right let it be NLP let it be machine learning let it be deep learning many more things let it be mlops tools and I've also used some other open source tools like DVC ml flow pipelines and many more things so all All those things is basically required. I'm not saying that first of all, only you need to know that, but you can parallelly learn that also. But when I say theoretical concepts, how does OpenAI model is basically trained, how these LLM models are getting trained, I've also uploaded videos some with respect to that. But the most important prerequisite is that you really need to be very good at Python programming language. Because at the end of the day, you are probably calling and opening an API or you are using Langchain as a wrapper to call OpenAI API or Hugging Face API, which has various models over there, various LLM models, right? So considering this, the first prerequisite will be that please make sure that you have good amount of knowledge with respect to Python. And trust me, guys, when I say you have to have good amount of knowledge with respect to Python, you should basically have model according knowledge, right? How do you probably create a class? What is object-oriented programming language? How you can probably use inheritance concepts, how you can use oops, because that is how I'm probably going to create end-to-end project. It will be not a simple kind of end-to-end project, you know, reusability. If you have probably seen any end-to-end machine learning project in my project playlist, you'll have a specific idea, you know, with respect to that same process, we will try to create our project, okay? So the prerequisite is Python programming language. now the second thing is that if you probably see the documentation let me share my screen okay so this is the entire langtian documentation this is the open ai uh documentation itself right now here you have various models you have various apis to probably use to this right you can probably use it for various tasks how you can use for a real world scenario that i will do now see in documentation obviously this content is super amazing if you probably just read about it you will get to know about most of the things that is probably provided in this documentation but how you have to probably use this in an end-to-end project how you can probably use this to solve a problem statement that is what we are probably going to learn right i'm not saying that documentation is very bad documentation is super amazing if you probably learn read anything from it you will be able to understand with some examples also but the main thing is that how you're going to use this concept in programming language uh basically in creating an end-to-end project right that is what also i'm going to focus on so how every class is going to be like let's say that tomorrow we are going to start our first application okay tomorrow's project is just a simple q a right q a chatbot now from this open ai model there are various functionalities through which you can probably create open ai chatbots right so simple q a chatbots like you can use all the specific models and you can probably do it right and they are simple simple code examples also how you can go ahead with like in this quick start you'll be able to see how to set up this this this everything chat completion api how you can use everything is given but in an end-to-end project how to maintain the session how to make sure that the chat remember the chatbot remembers the entire chat of yours everything will probably get covered so initially what i will do let's say i am tomorrow going to start a simple Q&A chatbot. So for that Q&A chatbot, what are basic things is basically required? I will first of all cover that. Let's say in this, the models that is probably required is GPT 3.5, right? So we'll try to see what GPT 3.5 Turbo does, what this does, what other types of models does, what is the difference between them, and we'll see some of the examples with respect to prompting, different, different things. Then we will utilize that entire concept in creating that specific project right so the reason why I'm teaching you in this particular way because I really want to start from basics and then probably move towards advanced with different different projects right implementation so initially when I probably started I will go in this specific way and then implement one project in the next project I will increase more concepts over there right more concepts and those concepts are already present in this documentation how I'm going to utilize those concepts in probably implementing the end-to-end solution that is what is going to change this entire playlist series and as we go ahead more complexity will keep on increasing and you will be able to understand what all concepts will be probably coming in the in the upcoming series as such so the difficulty part will keep on increasing and you will also be learning new things as we go ahead right so this is the entire plan with respect to this so the prerequisite is that python programming i will definitely you should know right uh now some people may say that krish without any machine learning or deep learning like can we start this see guys this is already an api i want to do some classification problem statement i'll give that api i'll consume that api i'll give some input i'll get some output this is how it is going to happen but if you really want to understand it in depth you should definitely have the prerequisite knowledge of machine learning deep learning through that you'll understand how this model specifically work right so that is the second thing as i said the first thing is again python is important right now coming to the third and most important thing you need to have open ai api key it is good to have uh it will probably you need to uh also if you if you log in over here i'll just show you with respect to logging if i log in over here see this so this is my open ai platform if i go over here and if i see view api keys so this kind of api skis if you really want to use it then you need to also have some credit card that is included over here if you're making for the first time in this specific account then 20 credit is given to you but that 20 credit will get completed within one month okay so if you really want to use chat GPT for 3.5 everything like openai api gpt 3.5 for you have to need to have this it is good to have it if it is not possible try to use the free account which gives you 20 credit okay again not compulsory to do it but at the end of the day when i am teaching i will probably take this up i will use my credit card and i will try to show you all the examples right because at the end of the day you require this api key right this api key is important with respect to implementation but again the question rises how we are going to consume this api key what should be the project structure what should be a suitable project structure uh how to do the deployment and all right now with respect to deployment i'm going to teach you multiple things with respect to deployment see what were the challenges still now with respect to all the end-to-end project uh that i have put up in my youtube channel people find problems with respect to deployment and the main problem is that cloud they don't have the credit card with respect to azure aws somehow so this This time I'm going to use Hugging Face, Hugging Face Space Cloud. So here you can see that many people can actually upload their specific project. They provide a good amount of space, like they provide your server where you can probably select 16 GB CPU over there in that particular Linux server and you can upload your code. I will also show you how to do that specific deployment so that you can probably check out how things work over here. So let's say this is running. This is something called as the AI Comic Factory. And many, many people upload this solution over here. So this is how your UI will look like. We will try to create our UI by using different web framework, let's say Flask, Streamlit, anything as such, okay, based on the problem statement. So this thing, you can probably check, test it out over here also. So we will do this one step also so that you actually are doing as an open source contribution work also. Because let's say that you want to probably solve a solution, you can do it over here. and those files will also be available over here see the code files will also be available right so how to create this dot ENB file everything will probably be explained with respect to everything as we go ahead so in short I'm also going to cover a lot many things from hugging face also